THE KNIGHT AND THE DRAGON EGG
Game Rules and Launch Guide

OBJECTIVE
Guide the knight through a random maze and reach the dragon egg. Touching a
flame loses the round. Reaching the egg wins.

THE MAZE
Each round creates a new maze with twelve flames by default. The knight starts
near the middle of the top edge, and the egg is placed in a far bottom corner.
Several routes can lead to the egg, with dangerous alternate branches and at
least one safe route. An illustrated intro screen appears first. Press Space to
view the maze and study the visible flames and egg. The first valid move hides
them with a brief flash.

RESULT SCREENS
The supplied victory image appears when the knight reaches the egg. The supplied
defeat image appears when the knight touches a flame. Press Space or click the
Replay button to start a new maze after either result.

AUDIO CUES
The Intro track plays on the intro screen and after Replay while the maze is
visible. The first valid move stops the intro and starts the looping Labyrinth
music. The Death track plays when the knight touches a flame. The You saved the
egg track plays when the knight reaches the egg. Escape stops playback.

CONTROLS
- Press Space on the intro screen: reveal the maze.
- Arrow keys, WASD, or ZQSD: move one cell.
- Press Space after a win or loss, or click Replay: start a new maze.
- Escape: close the game at any time.

You do not need to press Enter after moving. Click the game window once if it
does not have keyboard focus.

LAUNCHING THE GAME
1. Keep eggquest.m and the assets folder together in one folder.
2. Open GNU Octave with its graphical interface (Octave GUI).
3. In the Octave console, change to that folder. For example:
       cd('C:\Users\YourName\Downloads\EggQuest')
4. Start the game by entering:
       eggquest

The assets folder must contain knight.png, wall.png, flame.png, egg.png,
intro.png, win.png, and lose.png, along with these WAV files: Egg quest -
Labyrinth.wav, Egg quest - Intro.wav, Egg quest - Death.wav, and Egg quest -
You saved the egg.wav. Original MP3 files are included as sources. Keep the
filenames unchanged.

CUSTOM SETTINGS
You can provide the maze size and flame count. For example:
       eggquest(8, 12)
The maze size must be at least 8, and the flame count at least 12.

REQUIREMENTS
The game needs Octave GUI with the Qt or FLTK graphics toolkit. Audio playback
uses Octave's default audio device. The game remains playable if audio is
unavailable.
